Slack Clone

Create a Slack clone, with real-time one to one and group messaging. ✅

Frontend (React):

Create a user-friendly UI for the system.✅
UI should match 100% with Slack.✅
In the  sidebar, you have to show one-on-one chat and group chat✅
When a chat is clicked, displays all the messages of that group or user.✅
Display messages from the past.✅
The user should be able to add a new user for chat.✅
User can upload their profile pictures, names, and other related info, see Slack.✅
When a username is clicked display that user details in the sidebar as slack does.✅
User must be able to login and signup.✅
Use cloudinary to upload images.✅
User must be able to shareimages and videos in chat ✅
System must show the online or offline status of other user. ✅
System must be realtime,, meaning messages must be send and received in realtime without calling any api. ✅

Backend (Express.js):

Set up RESTful API endpoints for CRUD operations.✅
Implement user authentication and authorization with jwt tokens.✅
Ensure secure password storage using bcrypt or a similar method.✅
Send proper error and status messages with proper error codes. ✅

Database (MongoDB):

Design a MongoDB schema for storing jobs, users, details etc.✅
Use Mongoose to connect with MongoDB.✅
Use Mongoose schema validation.✅
Validation:

Implement server-side data validation with some 3rd party package(such as express-validator) to prevent malicious inputs (Bonus)
Error Handling:

Create a robust error-handling system on both the front end and back end.
Provide meaningful error messages to users.
Documentation:

Pused your code to Git Hub with proper readme (use readme.so to create a beautiful readme)
Important Notes:


Use socket.io for realtime communication.
Copy slack UI.
Use as much help as needed from the internet.
Show error and success messages on the front-end where necessary.
Show the loading state where data is loading and the form is being submitted.
Send proper and meaningful error messages from the backend.